Mom, baby, here you are.
Su Ran didn't expect your son to be so old
Where is your husband's high school?
I don't have a husband
No husband
Where did this kid come from? It's rude.
Does it even need to be asked?
The child has no name
It must be because the child's mother has no name.
So it's a mistress?
Ahahahaha, what nonsense are you two talking about?
Was he that kind of person last night? What kind of person was that?
How did I hear that since Bloody Eye died
He is not only not sad
Instead, go on blind dates every day
Su Ran, how much do you miss men?
Are you worthy of Brother Bloody Eye? You are talking nonsense
My mom doesn't want a blind date
He was forced.
Su Ran, is it meaningful for you to lie to your child?
Obviously, you are in a hurry to take over others
But he told his children that he was forced
How do you say
both benefit and benefit
Yes, hahaha, mom.
Hey, this kid is so poor
I lost my father at such a young age
Su Ran
Should I introduce you to a bad woman?
My mom doesn't need an introduction
I have a dad